Migrate SQL docs (#521)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/reference/pages/sql/sql-functions/timestamp-functions/to-timestamp.adoc

= TO_TIMESTAMP
:description: The TO_TIMESTAMP() function converts a string into a timestamp based on the provided format.
:page-topic-type: reference

The `TO_TIMESTAMP()` function converts a string into a timestamp based on the provided format. It returns a `TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE` type.

== Syntax

The syntax for using the `TO_TIMESTAMP()` function is as follows:

[source,sql]
----
SELECT TO_TIMESTAMP('source', 'format');
----

* `source`: The date/time value to be converted. The value type is `TIMESTAMP` (`YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS`).
* `format`: The format of the input string.

NOTE: If the source string is `NULL`, `TO_TIMESTAMP` returns `NULL` instead of raising an error. This behavior is compatible with PostgreSQL.

== Format

> Format string supports following template patterns (can be lowercase):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Format string support these template patterns (can be lowercase):
```
